qm-stop: add page (#8538)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/qm-stop.md

# qm stop

> > Stop virtual machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Stop a virtual machine.
```

> More information: <https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/qm.1.html>.

> - Stop virtual machine immediately:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stop a virtual machine immediately:
```

`qm stop {{VM_ID}}`

> - Stop virtual machine and wait for at most 10 seconds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stop a virtual machine and wait for at most 10 seconds:
```

`qm stop --timeout {{10}} {{VM_ID}}`

> - Stop virtual machine and skip lock(only root can use this option):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Stop virtual machine and skip lock (only root can use this option):
```

> - Stop virtual machine and skip lock (only root can use this option):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stop a virtual machine and skip lock (only root can use this option):
```

`qm stop --skiplock {{true}} {{VM_ID}}`

> - Stop virtual machine and do not deactivate storage volumes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stop a virtual machine and don't deactivate storage volumes:
```
